Everything in the future will be experiential.
It will be tailored to an individual user, it will be, you know,
tailored to the algorithm, all of these things.
And so you're not really focused on a single output anymore,
you're focused on an entire design system that needs to move and change and evolve.
At Black Math, we start with art.
Our goals are to make incredible work, our goals are to make original work.
We used to make one thing, hand it off and never see it again.
And now the work that we make, we are building it to be extendable,
we're building it to be more interactive.
I don't want to see anyone stuck in a prompt box.
I want a tool that will evolve with the creatives in our company.
With ComfyUI you have this opportunity to build a full mind map of the project.
It feels like this kind of canvas that you can make your own.
As a supervising technical director, I'm basically
guiding our artist team through the technical weeds.
I think it really improves the whole efficiency
because it gives you a lot of possibilities.
So I tend to selectively use it to rapidly explore directions
while also keeping the focus on strong art direction.
You want people on your team that are about creative enablement,
that are about sort of technical workflows and technical pipelines.
Because we are enabling our clients to do more with our creative output.
Art and design will need to be living, breathing things.
And I think that interactivity is really, really interesting because it allows people to actually take part in design
and kind of creates a conversation between creator and user.